Interview possible Question:- 

1. How to do you migrate applicaton from aws to Azure 
2. what is terraform and what operation that you have performed with Terraform 
3. What is System hardening and what is the CIS Bench mark and in case app request exclude the cis benchmark by taking approval from infosec Team 
4. what is the deployment in k8s and how do you update deployment in kubernetes 
5. what is the Anisble playbook and modules 
6. what is autoscalling how your applications are autoscale in application and kuberenete autoscaling 
7.what is cluster version and resource provisionings 
inbound and outbound connection between multicloud data transfer application 
Jenkins pipelines 

Ansible Template

Hello, my name is Nagesh, and I have over 10.5 years of experience in the IT industry, with a robust background that spans both DevOps engineering
and Linux administration. For the past five years, I've been dedicated to the role of a DevOps Engineer,where I have developed a strong expertise in 
automating and streamlining deployment processes, enhancing system performance, and ensuring seamless integration across various platforms.
Before transitioning into DevOps, I spent five years as a Linux Administrator, where I honed my skills in server management, system monitoring, 
and troubleshooting. Throughout my career, I’ve had the privilege to work with leading companies, including IBM, Wells Fargo, Micron, Equinix, and BlackRock, 

I am excited about the opportunity to bring my expertise to your team and contribute to projects that drive organizational success."



sudo wget -O /etc/yum.repos.d/jenkins.repo https://pkg.jenkins.io/redhat-stable/jenkins.repo
sudo rpm --import https://pkg.jenkins.io/redhat-stable/jenkins.io-2023.key
sudo yum upgrade
# Add required dependencies for the jenkins package
sudo yum install fontconfig java-17-openjdk
sudo yum install jenkins
sudo systemctl daemon-reload



1. How do you uncommit the changes that have already been pushed to GitHub? 
2. If there is suddenly the file is deleted in git how do you get it back? 
3. Can you increase the size of the root volume without shutting down the instance?
4. If you lost the .pem file then how will you connect to EC2? 
5. S3 bucket having a policy for only read-only but you’re having full access for you? Can you modify s3 objects? 
6. Difference between Classic ELB and Application ELB?
7. How many subnets are assigned to the routing table? 
8. In your VPC all IPS are finished you require resources how to provision it? 
9. Are you only using cloud watch for monitoring?
10.If your using load balancing in 2 availability zones den which load balancer you should use?
11. can you write docker file where Linux env condition deploy static webserver 
12. Is it possible to run any VM in AWS without creating any EC2 instance ? 
13. I want to create a pipeline in Jenkins which needs to have 10 different stages and based on my input it needs to execute some stages not every stages how you will configure that .
14. What are the Terraform modules? Have used any modules in the project?
15. Is it possible to configure communication between 2 servers those are having private access
16. What happens when you delete /var/lib/docker/overlay?
17. Write a simple script that calls with “Foo” prints “bar” and when called with “bar” prints “foo”. Every other option should print “Try 
again”?
18. Tell all the scenarios too implement the security in Kubernetes.
19. Your EKS application is experiencing higher than expected traffic. How would you automatically scale the Pods?
20. Your team needs to be alerted when the CPU usage of any Pod in your EKS cluster exceeds 80% for more than 5 minutes. How would you set this up?
21. Your team wants a Grafana dashboard to visualize the HTTP request latency of your applications running in EKS. How would you achieve this?